Feat/docs 5415 SCIM for Enterprise Groups (#1021)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim/inbound-scim-for-new-azure-ad-connections.mdx

5. Under the **Mapping** tab, ensure the **SCIM attribute containing the User ID** setting is set to **externalId**.

> 6. Review the **Additional Mappings** to ensure the extended SCIM attributes are mapped to your preferred Auth0 attributes. See [attribute mapping](/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim/configure-inbound-scim#attribute-mapping) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also view the [attribute mapping](/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim/configure-inbound-scim#user-attribute-mapping) and make sure the extended SCIM attributes are mapped to your preferred Auth0 attributes. 
```
based on your anchor renaming in the top-level doc
